README.md, before:

# front-helix

We use the [helix](https://github.com/lilactown/helix) framework to develop our dashboard, it's a library that makes it easy to use **React** using **ClojureScript**.

## Documents

- [Authentication](docs/auth.md)

## Commands

before you can upload the development environment with `watch` or `ci:tests` you must install the packages as `npm`:

```sh
npm i # install
```

### Watch

Start shadow-cljs watching and serving main in [`localhost:8000`](http://localhost:8000) and tests in [`localhost:8100`](http://localhost:8100):

```sh
npm run watch
```

### Tests

Run **Karma** tests targeted for running CI tests with *Headless Chromium Driver*:

```sh
npm run ci:tests
```

### Repl

#### Repl on your terminal

**Open REPL:**

```sh
npm run repl
```

Inside **REPL** run the following calls (log below is with the output, _call the functions_):

```log
shadow.user => (shadow/watch :app)
# then open the http://localhost:8000
shadow.user => (shadow/repl :app)
cljs.user => (in-ns 'dev.core)
dev.core => (p/do (mock/start!) (.reload js/location))
```

Then your mock (**msw**) will be running.

#### REPL on your nvim

- It needs [Conjure](https://github.com/Olical/conjure)

- To configure your neovim to use Conjure follow [setup](https://github.com/rafaeldelboni/nvim-fennel-lsp-conjure-as-clojure-ide)

```sh
npm run app:watch
```

In your neovim run

```vim
:ConjureShadowSelect app
```

## MSW

I decided to start the app (even on development) with [MSW](https://mswjs.io/) turned off.  

To enable it you need an active REPL connection with the project and and evaluate the start expression on the block comment at the end of the following file: [`src/dev/core.cljs`](src/dev/core.cljs)

```clj
(p/do (mock/start!)
      (.reload js/location))
```

read more [here](#repl-on-your-terminal)

Commit message:

test: fixed mock server
Signed-off-by: Avelino <avelinorun@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# front-helix

We use the [helix](https://github.com/lilactown/helix) framework to develop our dashboard, it's a library that makes it easy to use **React** using **ClojureScript**.

## Documents

- [Authentication](docs/auth.md)

## Commands

before you can upload the development environment with `watch` or `ci:tests` you must install the packages as `npm`:

```sh
npm i # install
```

### Watch

Start shadow-cljs watching and serving main in [`localhost:8000`](http://localhost:8000) and tests in [`localhost:8100`](http://localhost:8100):

```sh
npm run watch
```

### Tests

Run **Karma** tests targeted for running CI tests with *Headless Chromium Driver*:

```sh
npm run ci:tests
```

### Repl

#### Repl on your terminal

**Open REPL:**

```sh
npm run repl
```

Inside **REPL** run the following calls (log below is with the output, *call the functions*):

```log
shadow.user => (shadow/watch :app)
# then open the http://localhost:8000
shadow.user => (shadow/repl :app)
cljs.user => (in-ns 'dev.core)
dev.core => (p/do (mock/start!) (.reload js/location))
```

Then your mock (**msw**) will be running.

1. after running the mock, you must enter the `msw.mock@email.com` email address into the `/#/login/auth?code=123ABC456DEF` URI
      > it will give you the *"Check your email, and click on the link. Didn't received it?"* message
2. in the same tab, open this URI `/#/login/auth?code=123ABC456DEF` *(what changes is the parameter code)*

#### REPL on your nvim

- It needs [Conjure](https://github.com/Olical/conjure)

- To configure your neovim to use Conjure follow [setup](https://github.com/rafaeldelboni/nvim-fennel-lsp-conjure-as-clojure-ide)

```sh
npm run app:watch
```

In your neovim run

```vim
:ConjureShadowSelect app
```

## MSW

I decided to start the app (even on development) with [MSW](https://mswjs.io/) turned off.  

To enable it you need an active REPL connection with the project and and evaluate the start expression on the block comment at the end of the following file: [`src/dev/core.cljs`](src/dev/core.cljs)

```clj
(p/do (mock/start!)
      (.reload js/location))
```

read more [here](#repl-on-your-terminal)
